I'm going, did I read it right?
The bride is pulling the groom's carriage
Hurry up, it's really the style of a beast
The bride entered the door of the Qin family
I'm afraid he will suffer haha
Didn't I have dinner with you?
Ah, this little money is really embarrassing, mom
Or do animals play?
But my sister has suffered so much grievance
Let's go and order more bride price later, isn't it too much?
Yes, Xiaolan
Or you are disciplined
Good daughter
Give Qin Shao a few more laps
Stand up stand up
How old are you?
Jin Shao
I heard that this bride is still a second-hand
Happy day today
Can't you go out?
This bitch was married to a fool before
Still finished, but you're right
The big day is really going to be bad luck
How to get out, everyone?
Chengmeng Town North Wang Tianen
My Qin family has become the number one wealthy family in Jiangnan
Enter my house
The last mountain of knives and the next sea of fire are not too much, right?
Knife Mountain sees red
Zhengchengyi
Only the sea of fire cabinet can enter the door of my Qin family
It's all fire
Is he still alive?
Die or die
I wouldn't mind marrying a dead man
It's a promise.
Knife Mountain is too late
Use glass
You go get some charcoal paving
Yes, sister.
Let's talk about proving our sincerity?
Yes, yes, no sincerity.